divorced white female beautiful
statuesque blonde witty cultured you
should give yourself credit for a lot
you're terrific you have five brothers
and my mother looks a clerk in the
grocery store and support them I take
care of him I don't know you you really
don't know me I can't figure this guy
out
at present PA
where you pick up your dress what
you can ask me to leave I don't want you
to leave
what you gonna ask me how I like this
but the mama
mr. love
this is some kind of game whatever we
want it to be okay you're taking a hell
of a lot for granted
I think I've been hypnotized but I never
felt anything like this before how did
you know I'd respond to you laughs I saw
myself in you Mickey Rourke Kim Basinger
nine and a half weeks